DOC-3918 (#652)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/1.5/cenm/database-set-up.md

### SQL Server

> The database collation for SQL Server can be case insensitive, but case differences in node-info will be treated by CENM as if they were for different nodes. See [Collations and Case Sensitivity documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/miscellaneous/collations-and-case-sensitivity) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database collation for SQL Server can be case insensitive, but CENM treats case differences in `node-info` as if they were for different nodes. See [Collations and Case Sensitivity documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/miscellaneous/collations-and-case-sensitivity) for more information.
```
